W-12219907-IAM-confidentiality-notice (#263)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/organization.adoc

  * *Domain name*: Although multiple organizations can be created by different users using the same company name, each organization must have a unique domain name.
  * *Owner*: The identifier of the organization owner.
  * *Default session timeout*: Set the amount of time (in minutes) a user is inactive before they are automatically logged out of Anypoint Platform. The default is 60 minutes, the minimum is 15 minutes, and the maximum is 180 minutes.

>   * *Confidentiality Notification*: Create a custom popup that appears when users log in to your organization. The character limit is xxx, and you can use alphanumeric characters and symbols: `@`, `:`, `?`, `!`, `,`, `.`, `;`, `'`, `_`, and `-`. You can also add line breaks using `\n` and tabs using `\t`. If you leave this field blank, users do not receive a notification at login.

Author: (need # for char lim)

Author: ```suggestion
  * *Confidentiality Notification*: Create a custom popup that appears when users log in to your organization. The character limit is 1000 alphanumeric characters and symbols: `@`, `:`, `?`, `!`, `,`, `.`, `;`, `'`, `_`, and `-`. You can also add line breaks using `\n` and tabs using `\t`. If you leave this field blank, users do not receive a notification at login.
```
